celina de la leo is the mountain take
responsibility
some on out the works Smalling goal area
Cipriani waits and six meters back
whilst want to play another face you
know the crowd groaned but I don't need
to granny felt had time to get it away
and that's why they great pressure from
farmer twining and Josh just senses
classes the reason they're doing that is
the dead ball oh so small
great tron video ref just checking this
grand views is the man blasting his eye
over that replay there's going to be a
pretty easy decision still again and
found is that a little bit of space to
get some go form this is Cipriani
Walter's
saves it from fruity
the clubs lay on the inside shoulder and
he storms - this is Haskell that's the
one organ to use around the corner Lucia
is a decoy praise Awards just idle screw
I'm not Volvo involved oh yes I am
I'm under the stakes delay delay
beautiful path butch James chuckling -
making the hit don't overcommit on my
inside shoulder so gnarly up having it
to run Cipriani
in the fall is now good again for was
Cipriani painting and looking to go
himself keeping you alive
Sachi big moment now Hawass boutique
sake try
Flutie saw that's right that's right is
the pace of the tempo which they play
from that scrum Fraser walks as always
the quiet work yes thank you puts James
Charlie Amos Amos King sitting up very
happily for sake
aluminum stainless Pete their sake for
support arrives redden have school here
attorney says I'll take it up bradden
and gives Bergen niggaz Bergen coming
around and going to the debt
no come to attention engaged only plays
the greatest ice120 finish he's got cars
gets back and what's all that short side
frozen waters pick it on that now
beautiful timing from Tom Brahma
set the quick corner from here the quick
hands at the short side who's at fault
is it Higgins when he had Inside Man
Higgins court where our sake has made
all the right decisions Higgins makes
the wrong one and that's all that
matters they get back oh that's a
hyperextension of a shoulder
Higgins tries to turn it over he knows
he's made the error earlier at the field
great line from Tom farmer timed it
beautifully stop to you to make hearts
out for Danny Cipriani and the emotions
a little bit mixed at the moment yeah I
mean obviously it's a nasty injury and
no one likes to see that especially to
someone who's got such a bright future
but he still adds on a bright future you
know we don't know the extent of the
injury look like dislocate his ankle and
you know we wish him all the best but
you know we still have a job to do today
and before we were immense you know we
had to soak up a lot of pressure
defensively apart from one drop pass you
know we really did dominate past attack
and that's quite something to say
because they've been in great shape this
season you're able to produce a
defensive performance it's as good as
that Lawrence when let's be frank we
haven't seen the best to watch
defensively over the last few weeks or
months we have not the same team every
week that's for sure that makes it a bit
harder and
you know you need a motion to defender
the way we do fame without blitz defense
and perhaps we save the emotion for the
really big games but yeah bouncy should
know that when you back a horse you
should never change your mind at the
last minute and as for people like Tom
Russo I mean he was outstanding today
but to a man all the you know all the
watch squad that the bench we had on you
know they all played they played their
part and you know we've got another big
day out for the fans and for the club
that's wicked everything went very flat
on the sidelines knew when they went off
mods understandably how important
therefore do you think Tom Palmers try
was yeah it's very important I mean it's
going to be close today you know
bathroom excellence I'd you know we've
got to close games against them and you
know we have to weather the storm right
the way through the first half but I
think we touch the ball twice in the
first half and we we score twice so you
know we knew when we got the ball that
we could cause them some problems to
your last home game still a game at your
other home of course Twickenham become
but what emotions right now
listen I mean this is by Michael this is
part of fabric of my life and you know
I'll always be part of Washington you
know great supporters here and you know
this club will carry on winning long
after I'm gone don't worry about that
wait 18 years to show us you can kick
touch finders maybe you kept that
obviously well I'm glad it came off the
outside of the phone or the inside
otherwise I'd have been serious trouble
but yeah it's all that work with a ball
road you know talk about the works
outing just for one second of cooking
them who do you think it'll be
well I mean I've got massive respect for
both teams you know you know let's do a
fantastic but you know there's a romance
in me that would love to play Gloucester
debride was a big mentor of mine when I
first started out you know playing it in
rugby and you know I think the way they
played this season they deserve it but
they've got to be a very good Leicester
side so we'll see good luck your answer